docs: add audio2text showcase (#1336)
docarray/docarray: docs/how_to/audio2text.md

# Creating an Audio to Text App with Jina and DocArray V2

> This is how you can build an Audio to Text app using both Jina and DocarrayV2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how you can build an Audio to Text app using both Jina, Docarray and whisper
```
